Use `accelerate` save & loading hooks to have better checkpoint structure (#2048)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/training/dreambooth.mdx

Saved checkpoints are stored in a format suitable for resuming training. They not only include the model weights, but also the state of the optimizer, data loaders and learning rate.

**Note**: If you have installed `"accelerate>=0.16.0"` you can use the following code to run 
inference from an intermediate checkpoint.

```python
from diffusers import DiffusionPipeline, UNet2DConditionModel
from transformers import CLIPTextModel
import torch

# Load the pipeline with the same arguments (model, revision) that were used for training
model_id = "CompVis/stable-diffusion-v1-4"

unet = UNet2DConditionModel.from_pretrained("/sddata/dreambooth/daruma-v2-1/checkpoint-100/unet")

# if you have trained with `--args.train_text_encoder` make sure to also load the text encoder
text_encoder = CLIPTextModel.from_pretrained("/sddata/dreambooth/daruma-v2-1/checkpoint-100/text_encoder")

pipeline = DiffusionPipeline.from_pretrained(model_id, unet=unet, text_encoder=text_encoder, dtype=torch.float16)
pipeline.to("cuda")

# Perform inference, or save, or push to the hub
pipeline.save_pretrained("dreambooth-pipeline")
```

> If you have installed `"accelerate<0.15.0dev0"` you need to first convert it to an inference pipeline. This is how you could do it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have installed `"accelerate<0.16.0"` you need to first convert it to an inference pipeline. This is how you could do it:
```

Once you have trained a model, inference can be done using the `StableDiffusionPipeline`, by simply indicating the path where the model was saved. Make sure that your prompts include the special `identifier` used during training (`sks` in the previous examples).

> **Note**: If you have installed `"accelerate>=0.15.0dev0"` you can use the following code to run 

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you have installed `"accelerate>=0.16.0"` you can use the following code to run 
```
